[Autogenerated] in this clip will look a understanding.
Sinan options.
We live in a world that requires us to be security conscious.
We lock up our doors when we're away from home.
We lock the doors of our vehicle when we park in an unfamiliar area,
and most of us recognize the need to have our devices.
Are computers and tablets secure?
And this could be it.
For practical reasons, maybe we have young ones at home.
Perhaps we work with information that sensitive or confidential in nature.
Or maybe we're just nervous about identity theft.
All of these air good motives to have reasonable security in
place when it comes to our electronic devices.
And with Windows 10 we now have greater flexibility than ever before.
When it comes to signing in tow our tablets and computers.
When you first set up your computer or tablet,
you increase to put in a user name and password.
There's a good chance you use the Microsoft account,
but let's take a moment and let's review some of our signing options and some of
the flexibility that Windows 10 brings to our devices toe.
Look at your seinen options.
Open the settings out and then select accounts here in
your accounts will go to signing options.
And now the available options you'll see under Sinan options will vary
depending on your device in the kind of account you're using.
Now we may be using a Microsoft account,
which is a cloud based account with a password,
or we may have a local account, which has a password and so is expected.
We can work with our passwords from here,
but Windows 10 brings us some additional options from our sign it options.
We can add a pin now.
This is a short sequence of numbers.
Most often, this is a four digit number.
The avenge of a pin is that we can quickly and easily sign
into our device or authenticate our identity when we make a
purchase in the Windows Store.
From our signing options, we can add a pin number,
and if we already have a pin number, we could make changes to that pin number.
To add a new pin, simply select add.
You'll be prompted to put in your cramped password.
You'll then see the set up a pin window appear.
Enter your pin number and a second time to confirm it and then select okay.
In the future,
you'll have the option to use your pin number when you sign into your device.
One thing to be aware of when using a pin with your devices,
you simply enter the numbers.
There's no need to press enter to finalize that input process.
Another innovative SINAN option you have with Windows
10 is to use a picture password.
This is really targeted for tablets and touchscreen devices.
A picture password is simply a picture that's put up on the screen that
requires you using touch to repeat the same gestures each time to unlock
your device to greet a picture password.
Select, add And here you're prompted for your current password to proceed.
Next,
you're going to want to select the picture that will be part of your password.
So it's gonna have a picture picked out or in mind ahead of time.
It's like the picture you'd like to use confirmed.
This is the picture I want to use by selecting used this
picture where you can choose anyone.
I'm gonna use this picture,
and now I have to repeat three gestures and notice the note.
The size the position and the direction of our gestures has to be
repeated the same way each time and in the same sequence.
So I'm gonna create a little circle here.
We'll make a line here and let's do another circle over here.
I just have to confirm my three gestures.
Have a circle a line, another circle, and now I can select finish now.
In some cases, you may see other options,
depending on the hardware that's attached to your device.
For example, Windows 10 includes support for Windows Hello,
and this allows you to use biometrics to sign into your device.
So device has to have a compatible camera that can use facial recognition.
Or you have to have a fingerprint scanner that's compatible with Windows.
10.
In another clip will actually look at setting up a
fingerprint scan using Windows.
Hello, any of these methods that you've set up our alternatives to your password,
but they really don't replace your password,
and so you'll see you have the option to change.
Remove these alternative signing options.
You also notice when you first sign into your device here in the
lock screen that the default Sinan method is presented but you can
always select from other signing options,
and this is always useful.
If you forget the gestures needed to use a picture signing,
for example, or if you forget your pin number,
you can always fall back to your password.
And then after you've signed into device, you can reset those other options.
No one.
Last thing I want to mention with regard to signing
options is that in some circumstances,
not all of these Sinan options will be available to you.
Your organization may have security in place that prevents
you from using a pin or picture password.
These air considered weaker Sinan options in this clip.
We've looked at understanding your sign in options. Thanks for watching, and I look forward to seeing you in the next clip.